Wanderstop

I began playing Wanderstop not long after my first real breakup. I had been dating the same boy for over six years. We'd gotten together in early high school and made it all the way to my second year of university before he ended it. I could go into the details of what happened, but it's honestly not that exciting.
However the year before, Davey Wreden announced his new game: Wanderstop. While I never played The Stanely Parable (or the Ultra Deluxe version), I watched multiple playthroughs. And The Beginner's Guide I played through in one sitting while my parents were out at a film. I don't think I've ever played a game that left me as conflicted. The story (can you call it a story?) left me feeling confused and dissatisfied, but not in a bad way.
But that's not what this blog is about (I'll probably do one on the Beginner's Guide though). When Davey Wreden announced Wanderstop, I was extactic. A cozy game about making tea and with a little bit of trauma sprinkled underneath? Written by THE COMPOSER OF MINECRAFT. What more could a boy ask for.
So now you are aware of my mental state as I began playing this game. Recently single, but so ready for what I hoped could offer me some kind of solace, or at least a distraction.
Now I have missed two other key facts about my time leading up to this game. The first being I was a very busy uni student. So while I did buy the game on launch (with a Steam gift card from my lovely brother), I actually didn't play it till a couple weeks later due to assignment due dates. The second thing to know is that my parents decided to go visit family for the majority of my Easter Break, leaving me with the anxious twat of a dog. That was mean, she's only a twat when my dad leaves, which is how I had her for two weeks. And this dog is now just a twat and has seperation anxiety from my dad, she also has to be in the park at 7:10 every morning to see her friends. I'm sure you can imagine, a uni student who spent the last few weeks staying up late on assignments, having to wake up at 6:45 every day. Brutal.
So now you truely have the headspace I was in. Recently single, exhausted, and more than ready to play Wanderstop.
I think the most important thing to understand about this game is that it is not like Stardew Valley.  